So what can we say today
about the level or
change in the size of the global
real estate tech market?
Again, depends upon your perspective and
where we look
in the value chain of real estate or
within a given category versus another.
We can look at tech companies funded,
we could look at the amount of
the funding, we would look at examples.
What we found was that a couple or a few
dozen, depending upon the statistics,
companies were funded in
the last part of 2018.
Take November and December,
each saw something like two dozen
real estate tech companies having
been funded to the tune of somewhere
between 3 billion and
108 million for funding levels.
The largest amount raised globally
was $30 million by NeueHouse.
Juniper Square and Zesty.ai with
median funding being much smaller,
around 3.2 million and
December 1.4 in November.
NeueHouse, the company
that received a reported
$30 million in funding
is located in New York.
Whereas Juniper square is located in
San Francisco, receiving 25 million.
And again, Zesty.ai from Oakland,
California at 13 million.
WhyHotel, again a US-based company,
just eclipsed Dazhu from Pingxiang,
Hebei, China, which was at 7.3 million.
Facilio, Home Hero, BuildSupply,
Residently, and Wealth Migrate,
in order of decreasing amounts received
6.4 million down to 1.5 million.
This pattern of funding is part and
parcel of an ongoing trend.
And if we look at the industry
tracking organizations cbinsights.com,
you'll see that what
was aggregated in 2012
at approximately 72 deals or $221 million
was along a path of increase
in 2013 about 112 deals,
$460 million through 2016,
235 deals worth $2.7 billion.
So if you patch the data together,
you can see ongoing spread,
ongoing investment,
ongoing preponderance of real estate
tech companies by funding and
other measures including numbers.